== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

* Ruby version - ruby 2.1.0

Steps to Run
1. Need to Update Log file Path in logs_controller.rb on line 5
2. Run Database Migrations:
	bundle exec rake db:migrate
3. Run Rails Server
	rails s
4. Open http://localhost:3000/

Peter's Notes:
	Overview			
		The strategy was to get the log data into a DB,
		with all information connected to the GUID,
		and then to be able to query the GUID and other fields,
		and return all information for any records found
	Observations/Assumptions
		Most log file entries were of the form "[guid] text"
		Some entries did not have a guid.  In those cases, 
		the guid was assumed to be the same as the previous one
		The first entry for a given guid was well structured,
		whereas others were free text.
		guid entries were not all in adjacent records, but it
		was assumed that the order was correct
	Implementation Summary
		Data loaded in two passes.
		First pass is to assign guid to all records.
		Second pass collects all guid records into one record
		Results of the second pass are queried
	Enhancements not done
		The log file is hard coded - there should either be a 
		file picker or the ability for the admin to change the
		location, which could be in the DB.
		There should be control over deleting the old logs,
		or better yet a feature to delete logs that are older
		than a particular date.
		The date and time should be put into a DateTime column,
		instead of date and time, to allow time ranges.
		Better error checking/notification - for example if the 
		log file does not follow the assumptions.
		Unit tests were not attempted.
		Making the UI much more user friendly.
		Security vulnerability review.
